a better way to advertise on YouTube
YouTube is the second most popular site
on the web according to similar web it's
also the second most popular search
engine in the world after Google and a
lot of companies advertise on YouTube
because it drives sales but the issue is
it's expensive it's hard to make a
profitable ad but why is that it's
because everyone does the same old stuff
in which they pick certain key words and
audiences and videos that they want to
Target and they show their ad to those
people and what most companies do is
they rely on their creative they believe
that the copy and the design of their
ads is what impacts sales the most and
yes it has a huge impact on conversions
and you shouldn't take it for granted
but you'll still find that it will make
it hard to scale up your YouTube ads
profitly if you just do what everyone
else is doing so I want you to try
something new when it comes to your ads
first I want you to add Google's
remarketing pixel to your website you
can find out how to do that stepbystep
if you just go to this URL follow the
instructions Google gives you and set
that up this will allow you to show
everyone who visits your website to see
a ad when they browse YouTube now you
don't want to show everyone an ad more
so you want to show the right people to
add the people who are qualified for
example if you're only selling people in
the United States you wouldn't want to
show your ad to people in India or
Brazil second you need to be very
specific with your ad see someone came
to your website because they're
interested in your products or service
but over 98% of the people who visit
your website won't convert it doesn't
mean that they aren't interested in what
you're selling in most cases they just
weren't convinced to take that leap of
faith and convert it could be because
you lack reviews or they aren't familiar
with your brand or your pitch wasn't
appealing enough or they can't afford
your price so what should you do just
give up on the 98% that doesn't convert
of course not you should create an ad
that fills in the Gap think of all the
holes in your marketing that may stop
people from buying address all those
issues within your video ad on top of
that use all the basic stuff that helps
drive people across that Finish Line
such as social proof like press quotes
value proposition pricing any money back
guarantee that you offer a free trial
showing customer reviews any anything
that differentiates you this all will
help third send people to a different
page on your website the big mistake
that people make with their ads they
send people back to the same page they
were on previously when they didn't
convert for example if I were selling a
product or a service and I had a landing
page showing tons of facts and data on
why people should buy from me if someone
didn't convert the first time when they
saw the next time I'm able to get them
to get back to my website from a
remarketing ad I would send them to
landing page that has more of emotional
pitch in essence you're trying the
opposite because if the original pitch
didn't work the first time why send them
back to the same old pitch fourth
continually Test new strategies you
won't always get the desired results
right away it takes time to test and
tweak your campaigns for them to convert
the way you want from your landing page
to your ad copy to the creative to even
your targeting you need to be patient
and continually focused on executing
fifth don't forget get to add in upsells
and downsells when you go to McDonald's
and you order fries a lot of times
they'll ask you hey do you want a larger
fry you order burger they'll ask you do
you want a drink and fries with that do
you want a meal do you want a Happy Meal
do you want a toy they constantly are
trying to get more money from you it's
easier to generate more money from your
existing customers than it is to get new
customers so just like McDonald's you
want to add in some upsells and down
cells it helps you generate more Revenue
a real life example of this is skincare
by Elena she sells Beauty products let's
say you want to buy some anti- wrinkle
cream upon checkout she may upsell you
on some vitamin C serum that can help
you look more youthful as well any
upsell that helps provide better results
or makes the results happen faster is a
easy way to get people to convert into
upsell lastly focus on repeat customers
according to Alex Schultz from Facebook
a good repeat purchase rate is 25 to 30%
it's not always possible to get someone
to come from an ad purchase and be
profitable right then and there but if
you get your repeat customer percentage
up it's easier to make your money back
just look at Amazon they're willing to
lose money in the short run to make
money in the long run it's worked out
great for them and it can work out great
for you too sure you should also try out
YouTube ads to cold traffic as well but
I also want you to try the strategy I
just broke down if you want my team to
do this all for you check out my Ad
Agency NP digital where we were awarded
the performance marketing agency of the
year and if you enjoy the video like it
share it tell the people about it leave
a comment if you have any questions I'm
here to help you out